you
gingka TV
afternoon boys and girls well here we
are again another performance is jus
very very soon it's four o'clock in the
afternoon and what a liverpool city
centre just by the Royal Court Theatre
and the story behind this one is there's
a play going on this evening called
Knight common that's one for taxi driver
and the fares he picks up on New Year's
Eve slowly be handed again when a face
came on Street in 1995 the right has got
in torture that's me if a chump on stage
during the performance now the cast knew
nobody knew except the two writers cross
jump on stage got the back of a taxi and
a little spawn to Muskoka and then run
away now fourteen years later it's been
around the country selling out to packed
houses it's here in your hometown and
the crazy thing about it is that's we've
got an actor to play exactly what I did
the jumps I put on stage naked because
it was tag to which I said I was on one
acted my performance and he just does
his own thing and acts as part so
tonight I'm going to see how good he is
at living is acting how it is how good
they are because when he jumped on stage
to say taxi that assumes hell I'm going
to jump on stage so I like to see how
good isn't going to be I think it's a
pretty full help see this.even there's
quite a few thousand people in the
theatre and I'm looking forward to this
and there's no reason why I should go
arrested because somebody's playing my
part anyway and I'm only going to be
given a performance against myself if
you must know I'm saying so I'm looking
forward to it it's a few hours away and
Strassman say is
yeah
now have a look at this the advertising
board for knife color how bloody
cheating is that
is encouraged
the actor who plays exactly what I did
let's see how he handles it this evening
enjoy boys and girls oh yes
computer next week for more hilarity
mayhem some unique competitions 10 On
June 10 and Joplin see ya
you